status update 17 (#85)
decred/dcrbounty: src/content/en/news/status-update17.md

---
title: "Status Update"
draft: false
slug: "status-update"
date: 2021-12-31
type: "page"
---

We have processed a total of 209 submissions so far, with 19 of them being eligible for a payout.

> We have one submission that is not public yet. Although it is only a note level bug and limited to non default configurations. It will only be revealed once a large % of users update to the up coming 1.7 version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have one submission that is not public yet. Although it is only a note level bug and limited to non default configurations. It will only be revealed once a large % of users update to the upcoming 1.7 version. 
```
